Update syntax for second parameter in split() method (#3441)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/split/split.md

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.split(delimiter, maxsplit)
```

The `.split()` method takes the following optional parameters:

- A `delimiter` that is either a [regular expression](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/regex) or a string that is composed of one or more characters.

> - A maximum `maxsplit` specifying at most the number of splits that can occur, and the remainder of the string is returned as the final element of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The value `maxsplit` specifies the total number of splits that can occur, and the remainder of the string is returned as the final element of the list. The default value is `-1`, which means an unlimited number of splits.
```

> If the `maxsplit` parameter is not specified, or has a value of `-1`, the default value is `-1`. This means there is no maximum limit to the number of splits, and all possible splits are made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
